explain why dependency pinning is important (#199)
guardian/recommendations: dependencies.md

dependencies between environments.

Ensure that all dependencies in deployed applications are pinned to a `patch` version.
This provides more [consistency and safety between the `package.json` file and the lockfile](https://docs.renovatebot.com/dependency-pinning/#what-a-lock-file-doesnt-do-for-you).

Why not pinning dependencies is dangerous:
- You are more vulnerable to supply chain attacks, as you are pulling in the

> latestversion of a dependency, which may have been compromised. Explicitly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
latest version of a dependency, which may have been compromised. Explicitly
```

> raising a PR (bonus points you do this using an automated system with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
raising a PR (bonus points if you do this using an automated system with a
```
